Update killing_containers.md (#401)
bregman-arie/devops-exercises: topics/kubernetes/solutions/killing_containers.md

## After you complete the exercise

> * Why did the "RESTARTS" count raised? - `because we killed the process and Kubernetes identified the container isn't running properly so it performed a restart to the Pod`

Reviewer: maybe replace it with:
```suggestion
* Why did the "RESTARTS" count raised? - `Kubernetes restarted the Pod because we killed the process and the container was not running properly.`
```
